You are an unqualified mortal
You can get the best illusion in the world
3-Year-olds don't believe it
Brother Idea, what do you mean by this?
What do you think? An extraordinary person who can break the illusion
If you let him in
I'm afraid the limelight will generalize in the future
I must treat him today
I'll count my fingers
There will be a first try of all monsters of ancient monsters today
It just so happens that this time spare me the samen
Break Me Hail
It must be the minions of the whole demon
If not
There are endless troubles
Teach you all, well, I teach you both
The total dog of flies repeatedly offends my Tianyuan Sect and will never indulge me lightly
You say I'm a monster
Why don't you say your illusion is too weak?
Presumptuous as to not know in a war
Resolve to obey
Array to defeat demons
Yes, master.
He's just a rootless chicken mortal
Formation now
I'm afraid Junior Sister, you are too kind.
He must be a monster
We have to get rid of it.
The master often says that there are good thoughts in the heart
What evidence do you have to prove that he is a demon?
Your master doesn't dare to question me
What are you?
Look at the ugly one, oh, look, it's so ugly
What is it?
You are an elder
That's how you bully my little sister
This is your criminal style at Tianyuanmen
I want you to take care of it
It's my junior sister
This is the ice and fire of the Pan family in Tiananmen Square
It's too dangerous.